# Communication methods and influence #
  * Emails: It can **clearly** explain problems and bugs with screenshots, but it often works not well when some members **don't check emails** regularly.
  * Wechat (one of the most famous IM applications): Wechat makes it easy for **arranging meetings** and **instant communication**, but it does not work well in describing problems because everyone doesn't seem concentrated when using Wechat. We do not like spending too much time reading others' message describing a complex problem via my phone.
  * Face to face: It can solve problems **quickly** because team members can show each other demonstration of problems which made them easy to understand. But by this way it is easy for one team member to **interrupt** others, which decreases the efficiency. The situation is usually like a new idea comes out to one member's mind. And he can not wait to share his idea. But others are busy in their work at that time. Others have to drop the work and have a temporary discussion about the idea. After discussion, some of members are probably hard to move on in their previous work quickly due to the **distraction**.

# Managing tools #
  * Git: It makes version control easy and efficient. Two members are using Git commands in terminals. And the other one is using a client application called **Git Bash**, which simplifies some steps in using Git commands. But we still encounter the situation that two members are modifying the same file and it leads to synchronization exception.
  * Bug tracker: Members can fix the bugs reported by others before they are going to do some more feature development. By this way, we did not base our new work in the old bugs and avoid the bug dependency from becoming more complicated.
  * Code Review: This tool makes the code more elegant and high-quality. And also because everyone has a code style, this tool can let each other tend to have one loose standard in coding. It contributes to the readability of the code and capacity for everyone to modify others' code within the same style.